Logging extensions changes (#17)
banzaicloud/one-eye-docs: docs/logging-extensions/_index.md

EOF
```

### Example: Setting up custom priority

> Create your own custom priority class in kubernetes. Set its value between 0 and 2000000000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create your own custom priority class in Kubernetes. Set its value between 0 and 2000000000.
```

>Priority Hints:

> >* 0 is the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>* 0 is the default priority
```

> >* You can change default with setting the key `globalDefault`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>* To change the default priority, set the `globalDefault` key
```

>* 2000000000 and above are reserved for kubernetes system

> >* it's a non-namespaced object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>* PriorityClass is a non-namespaced object
```
